Release notes (#2639)
sl-design-system/components: RELEASE_NOTES.md

The release notes are ordered by the date the release was made. From latest, to oldest.

# September 17, 2025

## New features
- [`skeleton`](https://github.com/sl-design-system/components/blob/main/packages/components/skeleton/CHANGELOG.md) has been refactored to use the new contextual tokens.

> - [`tooltip`](https://github.com/sl-design-system/components/blob/main/packages/components/tooltip/CHANGELOG.md) added ability to specify the `ariaRelation` when using the tooltip Lit directive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`tooltip`](https://github.com/sl-design-system/components/blob/main/packages/components/tooltip/CHANGELOG.md) added ability to specify the `ariaRelation` when using the tooltip component.
```
